hey guys what's up you're watching
barrettes I thought help and today I got
a application demonstration for you of
Photosynth and this application was
released flame rocker soft a while ago
and what it allows you to do is take
panorama photos with your ID face so
this application is free from the app
store so you can go ahead and download
it from there and let's just hit on ants
the application itself so once you start
up the application this is basically
what you see and once you tap start
it'll start taking the panorama shots so
you can just tap this and you get this
little three to memory it's a little
world that you can see where the photos
are so you just move it around like this
and you hear a little beep whenever your
the application is going to take a photo
so you move it around like this and just
around my room you can look up to look
up there and you can look down
like that sort of
area so there you go that is basically
how it works you can walk around your
yard or whatever you want to take a
photo or panorama photo of and that's
basically all you need to do
so once you've been satisfied with your
photos you just finish here and it
should start stitching together your
panorama in the top here you can see all
the photos that I did take and you can
also stop the photo from PR the photo
from stitching together just by topping
this or you can skip the photo stitching
right here and you can edit your
property as there to see here you go
it's now finished stitching and I can
look around my panorama like this and if
I had more photos all around I could go
like that all around let's just tap done
here I did take a few earlier and here's
this one sitting at the mall it was kind
of bored so this is so much hook nice
right day it took a few Oh the sky
looking down here so that's looking
around
so yeah that's that panorama and you see
this is basically the whole library that
you have here so it's my backyard and
that's basically that get back here and
yeah this is basically your library this
is where you can sign in and share your
photos to Facebook and other social
networking places and here's some
settings you can take a look at so yeah
Windows Live and Facebook those are the
two social networks that you can you can
post them to and you can have exposure
lock and you can have the little sound
of place and ever it takes the photo and
the little beep and then the shutter
sound so that's pretty much this
application is pretty nice to show off
to your friends and just post some
photos to Facebook of panorama scene if
you're at a concert or something like
that whatever you want to do a panorama
of you could just use this application
so this again this application is free
from the App Store so go and check it
out if you have an eye device it has a
camera on it and all that you guys go
hope you like this little application
review if you want to see more please
leave a comment down below also
subscribe to keep up to date with my
little stuff hit a little button up
there and like it up it really does help
me out a lot and pretty much I'll just
let you guys go have a nice day